Changes in 0.6.1:
  o The config parser has been extended to allow the 'plugins' and
    'disabled_plugins' configuration options to be treated as lists. Subsequent
    definitions in the 'amiconfig' section will append values to the list.
    The list can be cleared by passing the value '[]'.
  o In addition to '/etc/amiconfig.conf', we now support a directory of
    configuration files, '/etc/amiconfig.d', processed in alphabetical order.
  o amiconfig can now run on vmware-enabled systems too. This permits us to
    run non-AWS plugins too.

Changes in 0.6.0:
  o Updated API to 2012-01-12
  o Added getInstanceIdentityDocument()
  o Response errors from urllib are raised as exceptions if the metadata
    server could not be contacted.
  o Merged Tomas Karasek's pull request for the improved test on EC2 API
    availability.
  o Added testsuite and reworked internals to simplify testing
  o Unified MetadataService and InstanceData functionality by making the
    latter a subclass of the former
  o Moved to urllib2 (away from urllib)
  o Improved logging
  o sfcb-client-setup is no longer enabled by default (but may be enabled via
    an [amiconfig] section in the user data).
  o Moved boot-uuid from from the sfcb config section and into the
    rpath-tools section
  o Added zone-addresses and conary-proxies
  o All plugins are pyflakes-clean
  o Cleaned up namespace in amiconfig/__init__.py (import * was removed)

Changes in 0.5.0:
  o Probing for the metadata service is now in python.
  o The startup script has been changed to run
    /sbin/amiconfig --probe
  o optparse support.

Changes in 0.4.4:
  o Added support for eucalyptus.

Changes in 0.4.3:
  o A different test is now being used to determine whether the
    running system is hosted on EC2.  The previous method won't
    work for pv-grub-based AMIs.  (PFM-842)

Changes in 0.4.2:
  o The plugin for deploying x509 certificates now looks for alternate
    directory locations for sfcb.

Changes in 0.4.1:
  o Added plugin for deploying x509 certificates for sblim-sfcb.
  o Fixed bug that caused disablesshpasswordauth to not be enabled by
    default.

Changes in 0.4.0:
  o Added default disablesshpasswdauth plugin that disables password
    authentication for ssh logins. (RPL-386)
  o Added disabled_plugins option for disabling default plugins.
  o Added syslog logging.

Changes in 0.3.0:
  o Many bug fixes
  o Updated to the 12-15-2007 instancedata spec
  o As part of the storage plugin work, added a daemon that pre-allocates
    ephemeral storage for added IO performance
  o Added new plugins:
    * dnsupdate - updating dynamic dns server
    * hostname - setting the hostname of your ec2 instances
    * kernelmodules - attempts to download the modules that match the
        currently running kernel
    * openvpn - configure openvpn
    * rmakeserver - configure an rmake server
    * storage - used to configure elements of the ec2 ephemeral storage

Changes in 0.2.0:
  o New plugin architecture.
  o The new plugin loader takes a list of plugins from the user data,
    alieviating the need for rpathamiconfig.
  o Added plugins for the following:
    * noip - supports noip.com's dynamic dns update api
    * rapcert - provide an ssl cert to be used in the rPath Appliance
        Platform Agent.
    * raprsakey - provide an rsa key pair for use in the rPath Appliance
        Platform Agent.
    * rmakenode - configure an rMake build node via user data.

Changes in 0.1.1:
  o AMIConfig no longer tracebacks when a ssh key is not specified.

Changes in 0.1.0:
  o Initial version.
